[DOC] Fix links to admin bundle (#15907)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/20_Extending_Pimcore/11_Event_API_and_Event_Manager.md

- [Targeting](https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/blob/11.x/lib/Event/TargetingEvents.php)
- [Tests](https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/blob/11.x/lib/Event/TestEvents.php)
- [Translation](https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/blob/11.x/lib/Event/TranslationEvents.php)

> - [Bundle Manager for injecting js/css files to Pimcore backend or editmode](https://github.com/pimcore/admin-ui-classic-bundle/blob/1.x/src/Event/BundleManagerEvents.php)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bundle Manager for injecting js/css files to Pimcore backend or editmode](https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/blob/11.x/lib/Event/BundleManagerEvents.php)
```
